Updates Main Landing Page Documentation Link (#5960)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/development/core/index.md

    ```plaintext title="changes/1234.changed"
    Changed release notes generation.
    ```

### Documentation Updates

> The main landing page needs to remain at `docs/index.md` to keep the landing page documentation going to the appropriate location.

Reviewer: I wasn't sure what this meant until I read the issue and understood the problem you're fixing here. Perhaps changing to something like this would be clearer?
```suggestion
The main landing page needs to remain at `docs/index.md` to prevent 404 errors when switching documentation versions on readthedocs.
```
